buildGoModule: don't inherit build hooks when building go-modules (#225349)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/go.section.md

  To obtain the actual hash, set `vendorHash = lib.fakeSha256;` and run the build ([more details here](#sec-source-hashes)).
- `proxyVendor`: Fetches (go mod download) and proxies the vendor directory. This is useful if your code depends on c code and go mod tidy does not include the needed sources to build or if any dependency has case-insensitive conflicts which will produce platform dependant `vendorHash` checksums.

> - `modPostBuild`: Bash commands to run after the build of the go-modules executes `go mod vendor`, and before calculating fixed output derivation's `vendorHash` (or `vendorSha256`). Note that if you need this hook, you probably need to update `vendorHash` (or `vendorSha256`) attribute when changing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `modPostBuild`: Shell commands to run after the build of the go-modules executes `go mod vendor`, and before calculating fixed output derivation's `vendorHash` (or `vendorSha256`). Note that if you change this attribute, you need to update `vendorHash` (or `vendorSha256`) attribute.
```

## Attributes used by the builders {#ssec-go-common-attributes}

> Many attributes [controlling the build phase hooks](#variables-controlling-the-build-phase) are respected by both `buildGoModule` and `buildGoPackage`. Note that `buildGoModule` reads the following attributes also when building the `vendor/` go-modules fixed output derivation as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many attributes [controlling the build phase](#variables-controlling-the-build-phase) are respected by both `buildGoModule` and `buildGoPackage`. Note that `buildGoModule` reads the following attributes also when building the `vendor/` go-modules fixed output derivation as well:
```

> - [`prePatch`](#var-stdenv-prePatch)
> - [`preBuild`](#var-stdenv-preBuild)
> - [`patches`](#var-stdenv-patches)
> - [`patchFlags`](#var-stdenv-patchFlags)
> - [`postPatch`](#var-stdenv-postPatch)
> - [`sourceRoot`](#var-stdenv-sourceRoot)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`sourceRoot`](#var-stdenv-sourceRoot)
- [`prePatch`](#var-stdenv-prePatch)
- [`patches`](#var-stdenv-patches)
- [`patchFlags`](#var-stdenv-patchFlags)
- [`postPatch`](#var-stdenv-postPatch)
- [`preBuild`](#var-stdenv-preBuild)
```
I would rather sort this by the order the phases are executed than alphabetical
